Bumping `astropy` dependency to `>= 5.0.1` due to `numpy.asscalar` deprecation (#1727)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1727.trivial.rst

> Bump minimum astropy version to 5.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased minimum version of Astropy_ to 5.0.
```

Just to remain consistent with similar past entries and our [changelog guide](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/latest/contributing/changelog_guide.html#changelog-guidelines) (i.e. use of past tense).  The ``Astropy_`` is an explicit link that will generate a link to https://www.astropy.org/.

> Increased minimum version of Astropy_ to 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increased minimum version of Astropy_ to 5.0.1.
```

My bad on this one.
